# Weekly Meeting 11.03.2024

## Attendees:
- Filomeno Antunes
- Alejandro Balboni
- Ryan Cardoso Lopes

## Topics to Discussion:
1.  1st sprint backlog must be already given in that presentation. In particular, all technical questions related with availability of servers, programming languages, etc and functional minimal specification of your application.

## Discussion
1. `Game Concept`\
The Game we choose is Fruit Ninja and it will have diffrent levels related to specific  topics, such as "Maths", "Programming", "Graphics". To start the player has to choose one of the first categories once this done he will have up to 10 levels in that category (Once finished all the levels of the 3 categorys he will be able to unlock more categories), the "Fruit" will be represented with colorfull circles at the start, if time allows it we will change it with better images. The game will be fist done for computers screens.

2. `Gameplay`\
Cutting 10 fruits gives you an extra bonus to answer the final level question. At level 1, you'll have 10 pieces of fruit, and if you manage to cut them all, you'll be able to give two answers to the question. If you get it right, you'll move on to the next level. If you come into contact with a trap, the fruit will stop falling and the question will come up, and you won't be able to collect bonus answers.
If possible we would like to add a leaderboard where players can see the best scores of their friends by using Docker to connect with MongoDB.

3. `Game Design`\
 The game will be entirely 2D, programmed in JavaScript / HTML and CSS with a Japanese theme. The backgrounds will be static images of dojos that will be diffrent regarding the levels. For the foreground we will have the circles will be coming from the ground and once hit the middle of the screen they will fall again. When cutting a circle we would like to add a cutting effect and sound. Their will be two diffrent sounds one for the circles and one for the bombs. When cutting a Bomb their will be an explonsion effect. 

 4. `Funny add ons`\
 We would like to add hidden easter eggs. 
 - Small chance of appering 3 bombs at the same time if hitting them simultaneously you clear the level without the final question.
 - When having a full score in every category the circles will be changed with all teachers faces.
 - If having the highscore of you friends you will have the possiblity to unlock diffrent sounds and colors.


### Duration
The meeting was held on march 11, 2024 at 19.30 until 21.30